Update Volume plot docs for VTK 9 version of the plot. (#19042)
visit-dav/visit: src/doc/using_visit/Plots/PlotTypes/VolumePlot.rst

   Type Ia Supernova (Image Credit: Blue Waters visualization staff, Rob Sisneros and Dave Semeraro)

The Volume plot uses a visualization technique known as volume-rendering, which
assigns color and opacity values to a range of data values.
The colors and opacities are collectively known as a volume transfer function.
The volume transfer function determines the colors of the plot and which parts are visible.
The plot shown in (:numref:`Figure %s<volume_plot_example>`) uses volume-rendering for the magnitude of vorticity.
The magnitude of vorticity is a measure of turbulence that helps identify a *bubble* within the supernova.

The **Volume Plot Attributes Window**, shown in (:numref:`Figure %s<volume_plot_atts_window>`), is divided into two main tabs.
The **Rendering Options** tab controls the rendering setting.
Each volume rendering method has a different set of inputs.
Additionally, the **Rendering Options** tab contains controls for lighting.

> **Transfer function** tab controls how the data is mapped onto colors and the opacities to use for different scalar values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Transfer function** tab has controls for how the data is mapped to colors and the opacities to use for different scalar values.
```

.. _volume_plot_atts_window:

.. figure:: ../images/serial_rendering.png

   The rendering attributes for the Volume plot

.. _volume_plot_atts_window2:

.. figure:: ../images/volumewindow2.png

   The transfer function editor for the Volume plot

Rendering Options
"""""""""""""""""

The volume plot uses hardware-accelerated graphics by default (Serial).

> Though this mode is faster the image resolution is typically lower.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Though this mode is faster, the image resolution is typically lower.
```

Images drawn by software volume rendering, Parallel, Compositing, Integration, SLIVR typically have a higher resolution and thus are more accurate.

> Note software volume rendering can be a compute intensive process if the database or the visualization window is large.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that software volume rendering can be a compute intensive process if the database or the visualization window is large.
```

The software volume rendering modes use a technique called ray-casting.
In ray-casting, a ray is followed in reverse from the computer screen into the dataset.
As a ray progresses through the dataset, sample points are taken and the sample values are used to determine a color and opacity value for the sample point.
Each sample point along the ray is composited to form a final color for the screen pixel.
Rays are traced from closest to farthest to allow for early ray termination which stops the sampling process when the pixel opacity gets above a certain threshold.
This method of volume-rendering yields superior pictures at the cost of speed and memory use.

**Rendering Method: Serial Rendering** (:numref:`Figure %s<serial_rendering_atts_window>`).

.. _serial_rendering_atts_window:

.. figure:: ../images/serial_rendering.png

   Serial Rendering options

**Rendering Method: Parallel Rendering** (:numref:`Figure %s<parallel_rendering_atts_window>`).

.. _parallel_rendering_atts_window:

.. figure:: ../images/parallel_rendering.png

   Parallel Rendering options

Serial and Parallel Rendering Options:

> When rendering in Serial and Parallel the data must be on rectilinear grid which often requires the data to be resampled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When rendering in Serial and Parallel the data must be defined on a rectilinear grid, which often requires the data to be resampled.
```

The user may select one the following options:

``No Resampling``: Do not resample the data.

``Only if required``: Automatically resample the data but only if needed.

``Single Domain``: Resample the data on to a single rectilinear grid on rank zero (0).

> ``Parallel Redistribute``: Resample the data over all ranks on to a rectilinear grid and redistribute the results over all rank.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``Parallel Redistribute``: Resample the data over all ranks on to a rectilinear grid and redistribute the results over all ranks.
```

**Rendering Method: SLIVR** (:numref:`Figure %s<slivr_atts_window>`)

.. _slivr_atts_window:

.. figure:: ../images/slivr.png

   SLIVR options

Transfer Function
"""""""""""""""""

You can design the color component of the volume transfer function using the controls in **Transfer function** tab of the **Volume Plot Attributes Window**.
The controls are similar to the controls for the **Color Table Window**.
There is a color spectrum that has color control points which determine the final look of the color table.
Color control points are added and removed using the ``+`` and ``-`` buttons.
Dragging control points with the mouse moves them and changes their order.
Right-clicking on a color control point displays a popup color menu from which a new control point color can be chosen.

The **Transfer function** tab provides controls for setting the limits of the variable being plotted.
Limits are artificial minima or maxima that are specified by the user.
Setting the limits to a smaller range of values than present in the database cause the plot's colors to be distributed among a smaller range of values, resulting in a plot with more color variety.

> To set the limits are set by first clicking the **Min** or **Max** check box next to the **Min** or **Max** text field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To set the limits you first click the **Min** or **Max** check box next to the **Min** or **Max** text field.
```

Immediately under the **Freeform** control, there are four buttons, shown in (:numref:`Figure %s<volume_plot_freeform>`), which can be used to manipulate the curve.
The first three buttons initialize a new curve.
The black button makes all data values completely transparent.
The ramp button creates a linear ramp of opacity that emphasizes high data values.
The white button makes all data values completely opaque.
The **Smooth** button smooths out small bumps in the opacity curve that occur when drawing the curve by hand.

.. _volume_plot_gauss_controls:

.. figure:: ../images/volume_gauss_controls.png

   Volume Plot Gaussian Opacity Options

The **Gaussian** control used during Gaussian interaction mode is complex but it provides precise control over the shape of a curve.
The basic paradigm followed by the **Gaussian** control is that new curves are added and reshaped to yield the desired opacity curve.
You add new curves by clicking and dragging in the control.
Right clicking with the mouse on an existing curve removes the curve.
Each curve has five control points which can change the curve's position and shape.

> The control points are shown in along with the shapes that a curve can assume.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The control points are shown along with the shapes that a curve can assume.
```
